# AEM Forms DocuSign Sample

DocuSign service allows electronic signatures and approvals. Using this sample one can integrate with DocuSign service to sign the Document of Record (DoR) generated by AEM Forms.

In this Sample we are providing following capabilities:
+ **DOCUSIGN CLOUD CONFIGURATION**: A specific cloud configuration is provided in AEM for DocuSign OAuth 2.O Authentication with the Authorization Code Grant.
+ **CUSTUM SUBMIT ACTION**: New custom submit action is implemented using which one can create DocuSign Envelope using Submit Action Configurations and DoR. This Envelope is sent as Email to Recipients configured.

You can do various customization in this sample using AEM Form Submit Information and DocuSign APIs as per your requirement. 
## Modules

The main parts of the template are:

* core: Java bundle containing all core functionality like OSGi services, Utilities, as well as component-related Java code such as servlets.
* ui.apps: contains the /apps parts of the project, ie JS&CSS clientlibs, components, and templates
* all: a single content package that embeds all of the compiled modules (bundles and content packages) including any vendor dependencies

## How to build

To build all the modules run in the project root directory the following command with Maven 3:

    mvn clean install

To build all the modules and deploy the `all` package to a local instance of AEM, run in the project root directory the following command:

    mvn clean install -PautoInstallSinglePackage

Or to deploy it to a publish instance, run

    mvn clean install -PautoInstallSinglePackagePublish

Or alternatively

    mvn clean install -PautoInstallSinglePackage -Daem.port=4503

Or to deploy only the bundle to the author, run

    mvn clean install -PautoInstallBundle

Or to deploy only a single content package, run in the sub-module directory (i.e `ui.apps`)

    mvn clean install -PautoInstallPackage


The configuration provides sensible defaults for a typical local installation of
AEM. If you want to point to different AEM author and publish instances, you can use the following system properties via Maven's `-D`
flag.

| Property | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `aem.host` | Host name of the author instance | `localhost` |
| `aem.port` |  Port of the author instance | `4502` |
| `aem.publish.host` | Host name of the publish instance | `localhost` |
| `aem.publish.port` | Port of the publish instance | `4503` |
| `vault.user` | Admin user for the author/publish instance | `admin` |
| `vault.password` | Password of the admin user for the author/publish instance | `admin` |

### How to use

Steps to use this sample are defined in [Documentation](documentation)

### Licensing

This project is licensed under the Apache V2 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
